ExprFeat: Access-Control-Allow-Headers wildcard disallow Authorization header (#27264)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

  </tbody>
</table>

### Access-Control-Allow-Headers wildcard does not cover Authorization

> The [`Access-Control-Allow-Headers`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Allow-Headers) is a response header to a [CORS preflight request](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Preflight_request), which indicates what request headers may be included in the final request.

Reviewer: minor one:

```suggestion
The [`Access-Control-Allow-Headers`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Allow-Headers) is a response header to a [CORS preflight request](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Preflight_request), that indicates which request headers may be included in the final request.
```

> The response directive can contain a wildcard (`*`) indicating all headers except the `Authorization` header are allowed.

Author: ```suggestion
The response directive can contain a wildcard (`*`), which indicates that all headers except the `Authorization` header are allowed.
```

By default Firefox does not follow the specification, and includes `Authorization` in the headers covered by the wildcard.

> Set the preference to `false` to make Firefox follow the specification.

Reviewer: Leaving this suggestion for your convenience:
```suggestion
Set the preference to `false` to list the allowed headers without an `Authorization` header, which follows behavior described in the specification.
```

Author: Closing because I am rewriting.

For more details see [Firefox bug 1687364](https://bugzil.la/1687364).

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Release channel</th>
      <th>Version added</th>

>       <th>Disabled by default?</th>

Reviewer: What do you think about switching to "Enabled by default?" as this is the only table where we use the inverse?

Author: @bsmth So this feature represents "bad behaviour" that is is enabled by default and is intended to be disabled in future.  This is the opposite of normal, where you usually have good behaviour that you explicitly enable.

I looked at the table and thought that most of the time I don't look at the header. Instead I look at the enabled state for "Yes" to note what version the feature appears in. 
So as it is now, I'll look at the table and think - ah, this feature isn't on by default. 
If I change it, I'll see Yes, Yes, Yes on those tables and that would make me think "if this is enabled everywhere, why don't I remove this feature from experimental features".

But that's how I work, and it is completely arguable. Now it is clear why I did it this way, what do you think?

Author: @bsmth What do you think about this? ^^^

Reviewer: Thanks for clarifying, I have to re-read it to understand, maybe we could reword

>Set the preference to `false` to make Firefox follow the specification.

to:

>Set the preference to `false` to list the allowed headers without an `Authorization` header, which follows behavior described in the specification.

Would that be accurate?

Author: Not quite. But clearly the fact that this is confusing means I need a rewrite.

  </tbody>
</table>

### Access-Control-Allow-Headers wildcard does not cover Authorization

The [`Access-Control-Allow-Headers`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Allow-Headers) is a response header to a [CORS preflight request](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Preflight_request), that indicates which request headers may be included in the final request.
The response directive can contain a wildcard (`*`), which indicates that the final request may include all headers except the `Authorization` header.

> By default, Firefox includes the `Authorization` header in the final request after recieving a response with `Access-Control-Allow-Headers: *`.

Author: @bsmth OK, re-written, and inverted the table as you first requested. Is this more clear?
